Update observability document (#2086)
vdaas/vald: docs/user-guides/observability-configuration.md

The default manifests don't set ingress host.<BR>
You can monitor the browser by port forwarding or define the ingress host by yourself.
</div>

## Cleanup

> Last, the Vald cluster will be removed by executing the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, the Vald cluster will be removed by executing the following command.
```

```bash
helm uninstall vald
```

Also, the observability components will be removed by executing the following command.

```bash
make k8s/monitoring/delete k8s/external/cert-manager/delete
```

> And you can also remove Observability components by executing the following command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And the Observability components can also be removed by executing the following command.
```
